[narr] Episode 46:
Kick-off of the Century!
[Sanae]
Here, they're all ready.
[gasps]
[Ryo]
They're white and blue!
That means we'll be playing
in the finals
with our home team colors.
Yeah.
And you better win.
Because it took us
a long time
to wash and iron
all of them.
Don't worry. We'll show them
a thing or two.
We're going to win our third
championship, Nankatsu.
Yeah.
This is getting me
pumped up,
but I can't help but think
of Tsubasa's injury. I wish
-he could play with us.
[sigh]
I almost forgot.
Tsubasa will have to spend
the night at the hospital
at least for today.
Sanae, could you go over
and give him his jersey?
Yeah, sure.
No problem.
[chuckle]
[Mr. Kira] This message is
directed to Makoto Kitazume,
Toho Academy's soccer coach.
Firstly, I'd like to offer
an apology.
I was the reason
Kojiro left your team
to come with me to Okinawa.
He never meant to
disrespect you
or his teammates.
On the contrary,
he knew that
he couldn't defeat Tsubasa
in his current condition.
And that's why
he decided to come,
to lift up his spirits.
Please, let Hyuga play
in the finals.
[sigh]
Huh?
Come on in.
Coach Kitazume,
everyone came here
to talk with you.
The following
isn't a request.
This is an ultimatum.
You have to allow
our captain
to play in the finals.
Hmm...
If you refuse...
and don't allow
the captain to play...
Well then, we'll...
-[gasps]
-Huh?
[gasps]
-[Ken] Captain!
-[Takeshi] Captain Hyuga!
-Uh...
-[gasp] Wha--?
-Huh?
Hello, Coach.
This letter is
meant for you.
Huh?
That's...
That's a letter...
It's a challenge!
[Ken]
But Captain...
[Kojiro] I'll be waiting
for you at 8 P.M.
in Toho Academy's
training field.
[gate opening]
[gasp]
[grunt]
Is Hyuga seriously planning
on fighting the coach?
[grunt]
Huh?
[gasps]
-C-Captain!
-Captain!
This match means absolutely
everything to me.
And that's why...
I'm willing to leave...
all my pride behind
if that's what it means,
Coach.
I'm begging you,
please let me play
in tomorrow's final.
[sigh]
Hmm...
[Kitazume]
Get up, Hyuga.
Huh?
I've always considered
myself a consistent man.
My rules and punishments...
are irrefutable.
That's what makes me
a good coach.
I've always respected...
all of my teaching
principles.
My decision has been made,
and I won't change it
because of a whim.
You are not playing!
[gasp]
[Kitazume]
Is that clear?!
[sigh]
-[gasps]
-Captain, no...
Tell me.
[pant]
[grunt]
How can you be so cold
and indifferent?
Maybe you don't remember
who I am.
[grunt]
I...
I am the captain
of this team.
My place is out there,
in the playing field,
right next to my teammates.
Toho isn't just about you.
You get it?
You're just a selfish
old man.
No, the only selfish person
here is you, Hyuga.
[growl]
Shut up!
Don't do it, Captain!
-Stop!
-Huh?
Please stop, Captain!
Why are you here?
[grunts]
We're all begging you,
Coach.
Let the captain play
in the finals.
[gasp]
It's true that the captain
left without
your permission, sir.
But you should know
he only did it
so he could defeat Nankatsu.
He went to train
in Okinawa...
just so he could grow
as a player.
We're all begging you, sir,
please let our captain
play tomorrow.
-Please!
[gasp]
Everyone...
[Kitazume] I've never seen
this much devotion
towards a captain.
Hmm...
[clear throat]
[Kitazume] Listen up,
someone bring me a ball.
-Huh?
Hyuga, I know full well
that I'm not the team's
only representative.
But I am the head coach
and I have a responsibility.
And I've demonstrated that
Toho is an elite team
that doesn't solely
rely on his captain.
I've made
an infallible triad with
-with Sorimachi at the front.
-Huh?
-Sawada in the midfield.
And Ken as the goalkeeper.
-Huh?
If you can manage
to score a goal
while they all
are defending...
only then I will let you
play tomorrow, Hyuga.
Huh?
[gasps]
You mean if I score a goal,
I can play again?
However,
if I see any of you
concede a goal on purpose
to deceive me,
I won't let you play.
You have to let him
earn his place on the team.
Am I being clear?
Answer me.
-Yes. Got it, sir.
[Kazuki]
We can't fool the coach.
Let's begin.
-At once, sir.
-[whistle]
-Let's go after him.
-Yeah.
Prepare yourself, Hyuga.
Coach Kira...
made me see my weaknesses.
[groaning]
Get up, Kojiro.
I never said you could
take a nap.
A true tiger never gives up.
- Get up right now!
- Yeah.
[grunt]
[Kojiro]
Thanks to him,
I was able to recover
the fighting spirit
I once had.
He made me remember
my fierceness,
my heart's
aggressive instinct.
The strength of the tiger.
[grunt]
I trained in Okinawa...
with the sole purpose of
- finally beating Tsubasa.
-[tiger growl]
Pay close attention.
[growling]
-This is my Tiger Shot!
-[tiger growl]
[gasps]
What in the world?
It's like a thunderbolt.
[tiger growl]
[gasps]
[panting]
Hold on, Coach.
Let me explain myself.
The shot was going too fast.
I couldn't see it.
I'm not lying.
I'm going to announce
the people who will play
in tomorrow's final match.
-Huh?
-What?
Ken Wakashimazu as goalie.
-Say something!
-Yes, got it, sir!
-In defense, Imai,
-Yes!
-Kawabe,
-Takashima,
-Yes!
-Furuta.
-In the midfield, Shimano,
-Yes!
-Koike,
-Matsuki,
-Yes!
-and Sawada.
On the right wing,
Sorimachi.
Yes.
And as a forward
on the left side...
Kojiro Hyuga.
Yes, Coach!
[narr] And so,
the national tournament's
finals started.
Why are you handing in
a resignation letter, Coach?
[Kitazume]
It's simple.
It's because I've decided
to let Hyuga play
in the tournament's final.
Hmm...
By doing so,
I'm contradicting
my principles
as a head coach.
I violated the standards
I set,
and that disqualifies me
as the head coach
for Toho Academy.
Therefore, I'll assume
responsibility
by leaving the team.
It's done.
I'm sure that...
you'll find someone else
to coach the team
in my stead, sir.
Hmm...
But coach Kitazume...
Don't you worry, Principal.
You shouldn't be worried.
My resignation
will grant you victory.
With Hyuga on the field,
they'll win.
[Koji]
Listen up, everyone.
I want you to use
every bit of energy
in your lungs
to support our team.
Nankatsu will need our help
at every turn in the match.
[Kazushige]
Everyone's here!
Let's go for our third
championship, Nankatsu.
-Yeah!
[narr]
Hospital.
[giggle]
Doctor, please tell me,
how's my son coming along?
He's fine,
but I did warn him.
If he goes back to
playing carelessly,
he'll aggravate his injury
and put
his professional career
as a soccer player
in danger.
For his future well-being,
I shouldn't let him
strain himself.
I understand completely,
doctor.
But tell me,
how did Tsubasa take it?
Uhh...
[Tsubasa] I don't care
what happens to my body.
I will play in the finals,
Doctor.
Are you sure about risking
your career like this,
young man?
Yeah, I have to
give it my all, Doctor.
I can't disrespect
Hyuga and not show up.
He will never change.
Let him play in the match,
doctor.
[doctor]
Uh, but...
Huh?
Please, let my son
play this match, doctor.
It doesn't matter if
Tsubasa wins or loses today.
His only dream right now
is to face Hyuga
and to become a professional
soccer player.
Even if his injuries
do worsen,
he won't regret taking part
on the match
if it means facing Hyuga.
But Mrs. Ozora...
[Sasae]
Hello,
-good morning.
-Oh...
Hello, good morning, Sanae.
Good morning.
I brought Tsubasa's
new jersey.
Oh, you didn't have to
do that, sweetie.
You know, I admire you
a lot, Mrs. Ozora.
If I were in your place,
I would've opposed Tsubasa
playing in the final match.
You're a great mom.
Oh, Sanae...
-Huh?
Hi, everyone.
Good morning!
-Tsubasa!
-Hello.
Uh, Doctor,
if you have time,
could you come and
change my bandages please?
Yeah.
You got it.
-[Ryo] Hello, Tsubasa!
-Huh?
Are you awake,
sleeping beauty?
Huh?
[chuckle]
Look!
It's everybody!
Hey, Tsubasa,
don't you forget it.
Today's our last match
as middle schoolers.
Let's make sure this match
is an unforgettable moment.
What do you say?
You got it.
-[Sanae] Tsubasa...
-Huh?
Here's your new jersey.
[Tsubasa]
Oh...
Mhm.
Thank you so much.
[Kumi]
I'm so jealous.
I would love to be her.
That way...
I could be close to Tsubasa
and hold his hand
while gazing at him...
[gasp]
Oh, shut up!
What am I saying?
-Yukari, please hit me.
-Huh?
-Hit me, I'm begging you.
-What?
Fine, I guess,
but why do you
-want me to hit you?
-[grunt]
To you expect him
to play today?
I've been here
since last week.
They're finally here.
Team Toho is here!
[narr]
Toho Academy.
Time of arrival: 10:15 A.M..
[Tajima]
Oh, look, that's Nankatsu.
[narr]
Nankatsu Middle school...
Time of arrival: 10:17 A.M..
[Tsubasa] This is my last
match as a middle schooler.
And my last match
with Nankatsu in Japan.
A grand finale,
to a new beginning.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back!
-[cheering]
-Whoo! Yeah!
-Hooray! Hooray!
-Let's win now!
-Toho! Toho!
-You got this!
-Beat them now!
-Wow...
-Woo-hoo!
So many people
came out today.
Looks like there's
no place to sit.
-[Yayoi] Matsuyama!
-Huh?
Come, there's a seat here.
Oh, hello, Yayoi.
Hi, Misugi.
Thank you.
You played a good match
yesterday.
Yeah.
I'm really proud of my team,
Misugi.
To be honest, I don't
regret a single thing.
Did everyone else
go back to Hokkaido?
Yeah.
I really wanted to
see the match
and asked the coach
for permission to stay back.
Besides, I didn't want to
keep getting harassed.
Come on, Captain,
did you get to the airport
on time to see her?
Did you pucker up
and smooch, Captain?
I want to know.
Did you tell her
how you feel
or did you wuss out?
[laughs]
[Hikaru] I'd rather be alone
if that's the case.
I'm really happy
to see you guys together.
-Huh?
[narr]
Toho Academy...
[Mr. Kira]
Sorry, excuse me.
You're the head coach
Kitazume, I assume.
Huh?
I wanted to know
if you read my letter.
I am coach Kozo Kira.
Remember?
Kira.
[gasps]
Please...
Allow Kojiro to play.
I'm begging you, sir.
-Uhh...
-But Coach Kira...
Mr. Kira,
I ask you to stand up.
Not until you promise
to let Kojiro
play with the team.
Mr. Kira, I already made
the decision
to let him play.
Huh?
You're really
letting him play?
Yes.
In fact, we settled
the matter yesterday,
so that he could play.
Is that true?
Yes, Coach Kira.
-[cheering]
-Come on!
[ann]
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is the moment
we've all been waiting for.
Ah!
-You have to win!
-Tsubasa!
Hyuga, you're the best!
Show them the power
of the tiger!
[ann] Next up,
the teams' lineups.
Wearing
the white jerseys,
Nankatsu Middle school,
Shizuoka's representative.
[laughs]
[ann] Their goalkeeper is
Yuzo Morissaki.
On their defense are
Masato Nakazato,
Tsuyoshi Oda,
Shingo Takasugi,
and Ryo Ishizaki.
[chuckle]
[ann] On the midfield,
their captain,
Tsubasa Ozora.
[cheering]
Awesome!
Tsubasa will be playing!
I hope your leg
is feeling better!
You can't lose today,
Captain!
Tsubasa's really popular
with the crowd.
He gets so many
standing ovations.
I'm jealous.
You're really popular,
Tsubasa.
Uh-huh.
[ann] Wearing
the black jerseys,
Toho Academy,
representing Tokyo.
Their goalie is
Ken Wakashimazu.
[cheering]
[ann]
On their defense are
Kiyoshi Furuta,
Masaharu Kawabe,
Hiroshi Imai,
and Tsuneo Takashima.
On their midfield,
we have Takeshi Sawada,
Hideto Koike,
Tadashi Shimano,
and Yutaka Matsuki.
And their forwards are
Kazuki Sorimachi
and Kojiro Hyuga.
Whoo! Yeah!
-Hyuga will play?
-Yeah!
-Hyuga the Tiger
-Come on,
-has come back!
-you can do this!
-[ann] The crowd goes wild
-You're awesome!
- at Hyuga's comeback
-You're the best!
to the pitch!
But of course,
- everyone prayed to see
-Hyuga!
- Hyuga the Tiger
- play in the finals.
-Hyuga!
-[grunt]
-And he's back.
-Hyuga! Hyuga!
-Very good, Hyuga.
-Hyuga!
This is it.
You had better be ready.
[ann] Both teams
go back to the lockers
after their warmup.
[narr]
Toho Academy.
-[gasps]
-Captain...
How can you wear
a sweatshirt beneath
with this much heat?
Are you surprised?
Did you think
I'd stay on the bench
with my arms crossed?
-I learned to stand the heat
-[chuckle]
thanks to this.
It doesn't hinder me
anymore.
On the contrary,
the hotter it is
during the match,
the more of an advantage
I will have.
-Incredible!
His muscles...
They've grown a lot.
As if his body
was made of steel.
Hyuga the Tiger
has come back.
Huh?
[Kojiro]
Letter of Resgination...
[Kitazume]
Listen to me well.
Toho Academy's team,
has everything it needs
to win the finals,
but don't get cocky.
We will defeat Nankatsu
this year.
And finally return
our school's prestige.
-Yeah!
[chatter]
I think it's best
if I save this for later.
[narr] Nankatsu
Middle School.
[Furuoya] This will be
our third straight finals
against Toho, guys.
I want you to
give it your all
out there on the pitch.
Everyone got that?
-Yeah!
Tsubasa, would you
like to say a few words
to the team, son?
Yeah.
I want to thank
all of you...
for being my family
on the pitch.
It's been the best
three years of my life.
And that's why I want
to win the tournament.
Let's go for
our third championship.
-Yeah!
I'm dorry to bother you,
but it's time.
Yeah, it's time to
go out there everyone.
-Yeah.
Tsubasa...
-Take this.
-Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Thank you.
This is my last match
as Nankatsu's Captain.
I will win
the third championship
and after that...
I will play in Brazil...
with Roberto.
I'm almost there.
[narr]
Toho Academy.
[employee]
Team Toho, it's time.
I want you to go out there
with pride.
-Yeah!
[Kojiro] This time,
we'll finally beat Nankatsu.
-Yes, Captain!
-Yeah!
-Let's give it our all!
-Captain!
Toho is a team
full of prideful players.
-I'll be ready!
-We can do it!
[Kitazume]
They were able to withstand
my training
and arduous regime.
Are you feeling better
from your injuries, Tsubasa?
Yeah, I feel better.
But even if I felt awful,
I would play.
[doctor] You never get it,
do you, young man?
-[Tsubasa] Huh?
-[Ryo] Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Doctor!
I don't plan on stopping you
this time, Tsubasa.
I want you to give it
your all out there today.
[cheering]
[ann]
Here we go.
The national middle
school tournament's final
is about to begin,
and the players
enter the field.
Big Brother!
[ann] Representing Shizuoka,
Team Nankatsu,
against Tokyo's
representative,
Toho Academy.
[narr]
Hirado Middle School...
[ann]
This is the third time
these teams face off
in the tournament's finals.
[narr] Azumaichi
Middle School...
[ann] Both teams
are looking strong.
There's no doubt
that this will be
the most intense
60 minutes
of the whole tournament.
It'll surely be
a spectacular event.
Darling, if our son loses
this match,
will you make him give up
on playing soccer?
Yeah, it was agreement
made between men, darling.
Ken is going to accept
his future
whatever the result
of this match is.
[ann] The coin toss
goes to Toho.
They'll have
the ball first.
[Kojiro]
I know I'm not alone.
All of my team is
backing me up on this one.
In the first
national tournament...
[yell]
[ann]
It was a beautiful
- overhead kick.
-Huh?
Tsubasa hands Nankatsu
the victory.
[Kojiro]
And the second time...
Let's go!
-Yeah!
[Kojiro]
We also lost.
[ann] The ball
hits the net.
Nankatsu wins for
the second consecutive time.
[Kojiro] I won't lose
to you again...Tsubasa.
I will avenge myself
from the humiliation.
I will win
because this is
my final match
as a middle schooler.
Prepare yourself!
[ann] The match is
about to begin,
and the crowd's
joining the countdown.
-Five...
-Four...
-Three...
-Two...
-One...
-Zero!
[whistle]
[ann]
And the 60 minutes of
the most beautiful sport
in the world begin.
Team Toho is on
the offense.
Let's go after him.
-Yeah!
[grunt]
[ann]
What's this?
Hyuga's winding up
to shoot.
Will he attempt
- a midfield goal?
-[tiger growling]
-He's crazy!
Hyuga, you couldn't do it
against Wakabayashi.
Why do you want to shoot
from there now, huh?
[grunt]
I'm not the same person.
You better be ready,
Tsubasa.
[grunt]
-This is my Tiger Shot!
-[tiger growling]
-[yell]
What?!
[ann] Hyuga fires
a cannonball of a shot
- towards Nankatsu's goal.
-[tiger growling]
The ball flies at
a supersonic speed.
[gasp]
[ann] But the ball
hits the left goal post.
The goalkeeper Morisaki
- couldn't even see it.
-[panting]
[Kojiro]
Darn it all.
[ann] And the ball is
completely destroyed.
[gasps]
-Oh my God!
-Did you see that shot?!
-He destroyed the ball
-What just happened?
-with a single kick!
-Big Brother!
That is a lot of power.
Did he stay on the bench...
just to hide
his true strength?
I missed it.
-[grunt]
-[ann] And what a way
to start the finals,
ladies and gentlemen.
Hyuga the Fierce Tiger...
has come back
baring his new fangs.